seccion 8, video 155, texto 156

ASSIGNMENT:

1. Create a new rails application from your rails projects directory called finance-tracker

(hint: rails new name-of-app to create a new rails app)

2. Change directory into your finance-tracker folder and ensure that the rails server runs and you are able to preview the app.

3. Initialize a git repository for your app files, the message should be "Initial commit of app" (ensure you do this from the finance-tracker directory)

4. Update the readme file to say something relevant about the app. Example: "This is the finance tracker app from the Complete Ruby on Rails Developer course"

5. Make a commit of your change

Section 8, Lecture 157
ASSIGNMENT:

1. Create a github repository for your finance-tracker app in your github account (now you should have two github repositories, 1 for alpha-blog and 1 for finance-tracker in your github profile)

2. Push your code to your github repository so it's saved

3. Re-organize your gemfile to put sqlite3 gem in group development, test and create a group for production

4. In your production group add in gem pg (postgres) and rails_12factor to make your app heroku ready

5. Run bundle install --without production to update your .gemfile.lock file

6. Create a welcome controller, a root route for welcome#index, an index action in your welcome_controller.rb file (should be empty at this time)

7. Create a welcome folder under your app/views/ folder and within the folder create an index.html.erb file and fill it in with <h1>Welcome to the finance tracker app</h1>

8. Preview your app and ensure it goes to this page in local development

9. Commit your code to your git repo

10. Push your code to your github repo

11. Create a heroku app for your application (you can reference steps taken during the alpha-blog, ensure you do this from your finance-tracker app folder)

12. Rename the heroku app to something more friendly and reasonable

13. Deploy your code to your heroku app and ensure you are able to preview the app and it takes you to the "Welcome to the finance tracker app" page

14. Post a link to your heroku app page in the discussions

15. IMPORTANT: Don't proceed to the next video unless you're able to get the above working. It is necessary that you are able to perform the tasks above and the videos going forward will make this assumption (You can reference the alpha-blog videos for help at any time). If you want to skip production deploy with heroku, then you can skip those steps, but you have to atleast get a github repository and working root route/view working.